Parts - examples of topics -, which raised some uncertainties about the topic (had loose ends which should be explained more precisely)” espciallz PSSA. 

It was not really clear that zou were going to make a digital tool. I thought more a model to detect cascades. But probably that will be transformed into a dashboard.



How hard was it to understand the explanation of PSSA?
I really think the presentation was well structured and the problem statement was clear
I found that difficult to understand with the days. 

How hard was it to understand the explanation of Prescription Cascades?

It was very helpful, also visually it was helpful.
The example was really clear and well made.



Was the language and vocabulary of the topic understandable for an audience, which is not familiar with the project
Yes it was clear to me. 
What kind of digital tool are zou going to make_
Yes I understood everything, a bit more emphasis could have been given on the specific task of the project
You conveyed it really well and was easy to listen to and understand

Were visual aids helpful to understand prescription cascade and PSSA
Yes, maybe it was helpful. The problem statement was clear. But for PSSA I still found it difficult to understand with the days.



Was the presentation engaging?
Yes, visually attractive, but PSSA still difficult to understand
Yes, really well done



Other ideas what should be improved:
= try to look at zour audience more and use zour hands. Well done
First steps are made and good, for the next times you can focus step by step on things like body language like ’wiggling’ and using your hands, but don’t worry too much about that, handle it step by step. You stood behind the desk which can act as a kind of safeguard which is good, maybe to train try next time without ‘safeguards’ this can give you more confidence later on over time



Overall feeling from the presentation: Good try but still difficult to explain and understand PSSA. Nice to hear that you are well embedded in the hospital.


